There are a number of weaknesses that I have observed in Ryan's work. The biggest ones being the digital layout of his work, where there are images or graphs that are explicitly blocking a huge chunk of words, making part of his report illegible. Due to this, it was difficult to read his arguments, especially with regards to the regions section. I kept trying to figure out a way to replicate his work, seeing how the data has changed or not over several years later. Since I am not that savvy with technology or data, although this class has perhaps upped me from a level 0 to a level 2 or 3, I decided to use Dillinger to replicate his work, with the hopes that it will work. I then opened up google trends, typing in residential schools, with the location as Canada and the timeline from 2004 to present. Turned out that I was able to work with Markdown on Dillinger with much ease as compared to the start of the term. I am having so much trouble trying to upload my image of the timeline graph onto Markdown. I decided to just move on and write my analysis, while waiting for some help on slack regarding how to place my images/ CSV files. I heard back from our professor, in which he told me to right click the image on GitHub, and then copy image address then placing it in my Markdown document. I went on to compare the differences in regards to regions and it was extremely difficult seeing as Ryan's images were blocking most of his analysis, the only information I got was that the searches were lower in regions where the population of Indigenous Peoples were the lowest, such as Ontario. The current results were actually quite similar to Ryan's findings, with maybe a few numbers off. Many of the GIFs or images on Ryan's page showed Error 404/400. Thus, I conducted my search on my own and copy and pasted the graphs. When it came to the semantics, once again, bits and pieces were covered or blocked off in Ryan's analysis, but the results were similar in terms of regions like Saskatchewan and Manitoba having more results for "Aboriginal Residential Schools" than "Indigenous Residential Schools", indicating that they are more racist/offensive to Indigenous Peoples, by using a term that is politically incorrect or offensive. For the most part, I did not find many errors or weaknesses in his findings, but only in terms of the digital layout, where a lot his analysis was unreadable. Thus, I decided to simplify it by re-writing it on Markdown, and waiting on the professor's advice on how to properly add my graphs/data into the Markdown document. For the most part, I just re-emphasized Ryan's findings by confirming that the data trends are almost still the same, even several years later. Could that be a bad look for Canadians, not having much interest or sympathy for the Indigenous Peoples, unless it was for a school project of some sort?  